Wednesday, 23.8. I got introduced further to the staff and shown deeper into the workspace of all the 5 work levels of the office. I got my own keycard to get around on my own. Registered onto my work environment, laptop and work phone as well as added to have access to the main framework of the company. Tomorrow I get the access to that framework, today has mostly been a setup introduction day to get started. The people I've met so far have all been very nice.

Thursday, 24.8. Second day at work. I got access to the Raksystems ICT Documentation. Read lots of the guides inside the network, basically this is their "Technical Documentation" where they aim to document a, in their words "an agile and flexible IT as a service to all the companies and users within the Raksystems Group". In short, a useful database for tech support across the whole Raksystems Group. I got to be involved in Teams meetings, I didn't quite put myself out there, I focused on the material, it was a great learning experience. I also got to work with IT Servicedesk help tickets.

Friday, 25.8. Third day at work. I got the opportunity to build a new monitor for my temporary setup. As well as continued to work with the help tickets, wasn't much for me to do over there today. I helped setup a work laptop for an employee, install it's required programs and services ready for the person. Got to borrow a Mac Book to bring home, since I will be working from home studying it. And I'm also going to be part of an IT Meeting with the IT Manager as well as others in this space, voluntarily, on Monday 28th. I also got access to a wip project, which I will be helping to work on starting next week.

Wednesday, 30.8. Fourth day at work. Starting to work my way through the Microsoft 365 Fundamentals Training course on Microsoft's learning website, in specifics to learn about the services, identity types, and the access management capabilities of Azure Active Directory. The basics of how it works and what it's used for. Also continued to work on the IT Servicedesk tickets. Helped setup Macbooks, Dropbox and Microsoft Defender installation as well as messing with Administrative permissions. I got to work on you could say clearing laptops and phones, putting their respected serials in our system to retire them from their old owners, so they can be given forward to new employees or even thrown out I'm guessing. They're marked as EOL, End Of Life. I was part of a meeting to discuss evuluation of another Microsoft service to help with security.

Thursday, 31.8. Fifth day at work. Main things. I got to be part of another meeting, got some stuff to do. I helped someone install new versions of software for them, through TeamViewer. As well as we have a monitor problem with a few models, which we are working on switching out because of safety issues. So I spent a lot of my day working to switch them out, and labeling them as being Out Of Order in our storage. As well as being assigned for the rest of the day, to seek and replace a faulty monitor model from a certain company to take out of use from our employees.

Friday, 1.9. Sixth day at work. Following up yesterday on the faulty monitors, I was asked to go back to help fix the setup I reworked to fit with other monitors. I couldn't manage to get all 3 monitors working for him, reason why I don't know. But I did all the troubleshooting methods I'm aware of. Switched cables around and put them differently as well as messed with the monitor settings, and tried to tweak them on his computer as well. But a sacrifice had to be made, could manage to only get 2 monitors working simultaneously for now. But I created a ticket about the problem, and hopefully someone else from my team can handle it. Went back upstairs to meet the new CEO of the company, he was really nice. And to replace another faulty monitor.

Wednesday, 6.9. Seventh day at work. I started things off with ICT-Servicedesk tickets. Had a look at recent orders we had made for needing users, headphones webcams etc. Helped with other service tickets through out the day, as well as joined a meeting discussing how to further improve the customer service side of the ICT-team, setting new boundaries to help with customers happiness as well as making our jobs easier.

Thusday, 7.9. Eighth day at work. Started the day off with some Servicedesk ticket work. Yesterday I tested a big screen that was needed for someone today, they came and picked it up this morning from the ICT office. Also I am working on reintroducing bookkeeping project for our orders and reorders that was scratched. To ease the process of keeping track of our stock at the office for devices, tools etcetera. I also participated in a backlog grooming meeting with the developers of Raksystems. I got my first call at work, could not solve the situation. Basically I was helping this woman to disable the sounds from Outlook so she wouldn't be getting buzzes all the time anymore but nothing would work. It's left a mystery for now on why disabling the sounds doesn't actually disable them. I also joined another meeting with the developer staff.

Friday, 8.9. Ninth day at work. Day started off with seeing a possible security threat being automatically being opened for checking, this happened in an office in Sweden. It was a false alert in terms of it being a security threat I assume, just a PUP. Then I started clearing a laptop that's gonna leave with an employee as they are no longer going to use the device for work. Removing it from our radar and the control of the organization etcetera. Set up a new phone, configured 2FA as well as finalized the setup process for theperson that's going to use it. Servicedesk tickets, gave our new payroll manager permissions to view certain places in our system.

Wednesday, 13.9. Tenth day at work. I started the day off with bringing the borrowed TV to our storage room, and reorganizing a crate full of junk that's meant to be sent away, it couldn't close the last time I organized it, so now I had made it closable. We had our weekly IT meeting to check in on current situations, projects and tickets. I helped someone install another application through TeamViewer. Adding onto our problems with the specific monitor models. I went and wrote down all the monitor Serial Numbers I could find, made a whole list to breakdown what is active, where is it, which specific model, if it's affected by the problems or not. Then pursued to remove them and bring them to the storage, and tomorrow we will replace the last few spots that were left empty in the office above.

Thusday, 14.9. Eleventh day at work. New project. An employee needs her setup reorganized and remade. So I got given charge of this project, biggest thing to imrpove on is the monitor setup and layout. She is currently using dual monitors and her laptop. And the decision I'm going for is to get her double ultrawide monitors, rather with monitor arms but her desk won't allow that. If not that, then one ULTRAwide or 2 big 16:9 monitors side by side. Either way, she needs more room to work with. Many tabs open all the time. Also went to install those monitors I talked about doing yesterday, but we didn't need new ones. We just setup the docking stations to work properly for when an employee takes over a setup.

Friday, 15.9. Tvelveth day at work. I started the day with continuing on a React course I'm taking on the side. Then I helped install something through TeamViewer to an employee again. Installing to demo new tablets for employees in another office.

Wednesday, 20.9. Thirteenth day at work. I started the day off with a secret meeting with the bosses. Worked on our mail group filtering project and made nice progress. Worked on Servicedesk tickets. Lease project.

Thusday, 21.9. Fourteenth day at work. Started the day with finishing up the lease project. Working on the mail group filtering project again. Fixed a problem with someone's headphones beeping on mute on Teams through TeamViewer. Setup a computer with autopilot. Helped someone with an issue with their headphones again, but this time a different problem. Did some stuff in Active Directory.

Friday, 22.9. Fifteenth day at work. I finished my work report. Took another phone call since I was added to the official number list for Servicedesk for support. I was called a few times today. Worked on wiping a computer from our system, but there rose a problem with that so it will have to wait. Even more working on tickets, got to work on a lot of them!

Wednesday, 27.9. Sixteenth day at work. I started the day off with going to help upstairs with some monitors, there were visual problems in the setups. As well as was involved in 2 meetings today. Worked on many servicedesk tickets, felt to be a very productive day.

Thursday, 28.9. Seventeenth day at work. I took a few phone calls today, I can tell I'm getting better on the phone and for me that's an achievement. I also spend today working on this new and improved diary. I'm a fan of how it has turned out so far. I had ideas of adding a second page in the navbar where I go more in-depth on why I'm working here in the first place, just some context. But didn't find a way to make it work in the way I imagined it, not yet anyway.

Friday, 29.9. Eighteenth day at work. I startd the day off with continuing to work on my diary and how it works. I had lunch with the team. I spent time working on an old idea but reusing it's USE. Instead of having password reset emails show up in teams, our servicedesk tickets would instead be logged in Teams. I also built a OneNote "Tutorial" with the help of someone from my team, I had never worked with it before but got the hang of it. My Tutorial or in other words a simple showcase of what is capabale with it will possibly be used as an example, for people to use to learn from. I even cried a bit quietly during the last few hours. It's hard to write an end to this diary. I have loved it here. I very much hope to come back. Did I learn a lot, yes I did. Did I have a great time doing it, yes I did. THank you Raksystems.

Extra, 23.8-29.9. I've spent extra hours coming into work a little earlier, and left a little later. As well as attended work related meetings, and done additional work at home. 5-6 hours I've worked from home so far. Today the 12th of September, I have attended meetings that are with the programming side of this company. Joined the daily of that day, and after it spent time with the Application Development Manager. He showed and explained a basic understanding of the systems and applications they have developed. Spent a good 50 minutes in that. And then I joined to listen into a documenting development meeting, which lasted anhour and 40 minutes. I was interviewed to be included in the company news across social media.